docs: clarify native <script> usage for JSON-LD in docs (#90380)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/json-ld.mdx

[JSON-LD](https://json-ld.org/) is a format for structured data that can be used by search engines and AI to help them understand the structure of the page beyond pure content. For example, you can use it to describe a person, an event, an organization, a movie, a book, a recipe, and many other types of entities.

Our current recommendation for JSON-LD is to render structured data using a native `<script>` tag instead of the `<Script>` component from `next/script` in your `layout.js` or `page.js`.

> > **Good to know**: `next/script` is designed for executable JavaScript. JSON-LD isn’t executable code — it’s structured data with a non-JS MIME type — so `next/script` isn’t the right fit.

Reviewer: I'd even put this at the end for the guide

```suggestion
> **Good to know:** The `next/script` component is optimized for loading and executing JavaScript. Since JSON-LD is structured data, not executable code, a native `<script>` tag is the right choice here.
```

And keep line 9 as it is. 

The type being anything other than the default or text/javascript should signal the nature of the content, but sure, we can tidy up for those casually reading and give LLM Agents reasoning to help their orchestrators.
